doc: Fix historical statement (#211)
bitcoinknots/bitcoin: doc/README.md

Setup
---------------------

> Bitcoin Knots is a Bitcoin client that fully verify the Bitcoin blockchain and it builds the backbone of the network. It downloads and, by default, stores the entire history of Bitcoin transactions, which requires several hundred gigabytes or more of disk space. Depending on the speed of your computer and network connection, the synchronization process can take anywhere from a few hours to several days or more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bitcoin Knots is a fully-verifying Bitcoin client, building the backbone of the network and providing security for end users. It downloads and, by default, stores the entire history of Bitcoin transactions, which requires several hundred gigabytes or more of disk space. Depending on the speed of your computer and network connection, the synchronization process can take anywhere from a few hours to several days or more.
```
